In the name of the almighty we pray, amen.
Amen.
(Episode 32)
I pray that everything you do goes well.
- Thank you. - Yes.
Thank you.
- Bye. - Bye.
(Bible)
(I put alcohol in the trophy.)
(I waited for him. I was sad, hurt, and upset then.)
You're pretty good.
It's rare that someone does exactly what I like.
He said he left it with someone. He was right in a way.
Give it to me.
Give this to you? Are you crazy?
- What are you doing? - It's the basic moves.
I guess you forgot all about them...
since you've been focusing too much on politics.
All right. Okay. Let me go.
Take him away, and make him suffer. I'll get going first.
(Personal Information)
Hey, Lieutenant Jin.
Oh Il Seung, no...
- Where is this guy? - I don't know.
I'm not trying to arrest him, so tell me.
I'm not lying. I can't get a hold of him.
Tell me I want to see him if you get in touch.
Yes, sir.
Yes, Inspector Park.
There is no trace of him. That's right.
- Dae Woong, check over there. - Okay.
He's not here.
You can't find him? Of course.
He's been in an asylum for 10 years.
So he must not be used to the outside world.
He might be hiding in a nook somewhere.
So search that vicinity thoroughly.
Okay.
Hey, let's go.
Let's look for traces of Mr. Cha.
Okay.
Hey.
I told the superiors of the prosecution about your thoughts.
They all seemed to understand.
What is there for them to understand?
Most of them got to where they are right now because of me.
Chairwoman Gook is still pleading the Fifth.
But even if she does say anything against you,
the superiors agreed to think of it as a biased investigation...
by Prosecutor Kim Yoon Su.
Okay, good job.
But why haven't I heard from Jang Pil Sung yet?
I think something went wrong.
Did the whole plan go wrong, or did something happen to Jang Pil Sung?
I think it's both.
Mr. Cha went missing, so the Hidden Crime Team are looking for him.
Are you saying Mr. Cha is still alive?
Yes. And Jang Pil Sung suddenly went off the grid.
It's either 1 of the 2.
He either hid because he got scared that he lost Mr. Cha.
Or he found something, and he's thinking about how to use it.
(I waited for him.)
(I was sad, hurt, and upset then.)
I've hit the jackpot.
How should I use this?
Thank you.
No problem. Take care.
- Okay - Bye.
It's just what we expected. Mr. Cha didn't come here.
Yes, it'd be impossible for him to come here by himself.
We already knew it'd be impossible.
But what did Oh Il Seung... I mean, that guy.
What did he find here? She said he kept searching.
I don't know.
I almost forgot to give you this.
Don't you need this?
I gave this to the tall, handsome officer...
that came by earlier, but he left it behind.
You're looking for Mr. Cha Gwang Tae, right?
Yes.
We'll take this. Thank you.
Okay.
That's weird. Why did he leave this behind?
I'm sure he knew that this would be considered as evidence.
Do you think he left it behind because he's no longer...
allowed to enter the police agency?
Do you think so?
Hey, hey. Call him.
- What? - Call him.
Don't you think it's weird?
He could've just given it to you.
Why would he leave it behind? Isn't it weird?
It is weird.
And you said he didn't answer anyone's calls...
including yours.
The last person he met was that nurse, right?
My goodness, we came all the way here and prayed.
Something happened, didn't it?
My gosh, what should I do?
I think he found something here.
Yes. So this is where he was last before his phone was turned off.
It looks like someone got dragged here, doesn't it?
It looks like Officer Oh's size.
I think you're right.
Hey, over there.
Officer Oh!
- Il Seung! - Call 911.
- Il Seung. - Call 911. Hurry.
Il Seung, are you okay?
Hey, use this to untie him.
Hey, hey.
It hurts.
Does it hurt? He must be fine. He says it hurts.
That means he's fine.
You're cold, aren't you?
My gosh.
Gosh.
Thank you.
Goodbye.
Jin Young. Gosh, it's cold.
I need to talk to Officer Oh for a minute.
Okay.
Hey, are you sure you don't need to go to the hospital?
I'm fine.
Drink this.
- It's okay. - Drink it.
You need to warm yourself up. Drink it while it's warm.
It was cold, wasn't it?
By the way, what did you find here?
I found Mr. Cha's notebook.
He kept a record of everything that Lee Kwang Ho had asked him to do.
And Jang Pil Sung took that from you?
- Yes. - You could've died...
from hypothermia if you were outside for a little longer.
Thank you for saving me.
I didn't say that so that you'd feel grateful.
And there's no need to thank me.
Why are you risking your life to catch Lee Kwang Ho?
Do you want to catch him that badly?
Yes.
Aren't you scared?
Of course, I'm scared.
I'm scared that other people might get hurt.
That's why I really want to catch him.
I'm sorry, Inspector Park.
Do you know why cops always move in pairs?
It's so that they won't end up like you did.
There's no one to save you.
I want you to pair up with Jin Young starting from tomorrow.
I want you to come back to work tomorrow.
Let's see how things go.
If you don't want me back, you don't need to...
I do want you back. I do.
I don't exactly know why, but I'm fine with you...
and this whole situation.
I don't know.
I'm sorry.
I don't know how I might change tomorrow.
Don't trust me too much.
Anyway, you should go home, and get some rest.
Come in tomorrow.
Okay.
Driver Jin, get in the car, and drive.
Bye, sir.
Take him home safely.
Okay.
It's okay. I'm fine now.
I'm glad you sorted things out with Inspector Park.
I just can't stop feeling sorry.
That's why you should do well.
Okay.
Hey, I thought my heart was going to drop a while ago.
Well, it didn't.
When I saw you like that before, I...
I'm fine.
Look. I'm fine.
My gosh. Are you saying you're proud of what you did?
No, that's not what I mean.
But I'm fine, so don't get too angry.
Hey, your face looks more pale right now.
Okay.
Don't ever do anything by yourself from now on.
Okay, I won't.
You should go inside. You need to look for Mr. Cha.
Go on.
Fine.
- See you. - Bye.
[VIU Ver] E32 Doubtful Victory "Come Back to the Team"
-= Ruo Xi =-
How are you going to take care of this?
Did you get permission from my superior?
But before that, what exactly did we do wrong?
Gosh, you're so brazen.
You've done so many things under our noses.
Even a while ago, you helped Jang Pil Sung escape.
And you stopped us from arresting him.
So that's also obstruction of justice.
We were just in a hurry to find Mr. Cha.
That's why we accidentally bumped into you guys.
On top of that, we looked for Mr. Cha together the entire day.
We went through a lot of hardships together today.
You can't betray us like this after all that we've done together.
I don't care!
You were all caught in the act, so let's wait and see.
If the current chief of the NIS...
will allow us to interrogate you or not.
What if he doesn't?
I'll say, "It's my mistake!"
I'll apologize and let you go.
Okay. Just undo this for me.
We won't run away.
Really?
Did you think I would free you? Well?
We're not stupid!
Gosh.
It stings.
I heard you were in trouble.
Inspector Park called me.
What are you doing? I'm fine.
Fine.
Yes, you are.
The problem is I lost Mr. Cha's notebook.
We can just get it back.
Jang Pil Sung will keep it instead of giving it to Manager Lee.
He would never get rid of it.
I know that.
The problem is figuring out how to get it back.
Your pizza is here.
- Did you order pizza? - No.
Eat it, and rest.
We didn't order one.
It's been paid for.
Thank you.
- Enjoy. - Okay.
Who paid for it?
What is this?
Let's eat it while it's warm.
Here.
It's good.
This reminds me of the past.
You said you wanted to become a police officer while having pizza.
You're wrong.
We were eating pizza, and you told me to become one.
Did I?
Don't just eat, let's think about what we should do next.
How are we going to get it back?
Just wait. Jang Pil Sung will call.
Who?
- Me? - Either you or Lieutenant Jin.
He's not someone who can ruin Lee Kwang Ho himself.
He won't roam around forever as a wanted man either.
Killing two birds with one stone?
In exchange for the audio file and letting him become a free man,
he would give us the notebook.
We'll catch Lee Kwang Ho with it anyway.
Yes.
You have to decide how you will make a deal with him.
I see.
(Restricted Number)
Yes?
Jang Pil Sung?
You look like you're well.
I thought you wanted to kill me. Why did you want to meet?
That's not what I ordered.
I told him to make you suffer.
However, some people seem to think...
it means something else.
- Why did you want to meet? - It's obvious.
Make me a free man, and bring me the evidence.
Jin Jung Gil's MP3 with the original file.
Then, I will return Mr. Cha's notebook.
I read the whole thing.
It's a jackpot that perfectly encompasses Lee Kwang Ho's history.
I'm not sure. It's only a record,
and Mr. Cha disappeared.
I don't know how strong of an evidence it'll be.
He has Alzheimer's disease, so he can't testify either.
Why do you think it's only a record?
If you follow what's written on it, you'll find at least one clue.
For example, a victim's bone.
Well? Are you interested now?
Then, go steal the MP3 player that has my neck on the line.
Time and place?
Exactly three hours later.
Right here.
We'll all bring what we promised.
Are you in?
I'm in.
And?
What are your thoughts?
What you think is more important.
We might risk freeing Jang Pil Sung for nothing.
Where is the MP3 player my dad left behind?
It's in my drawer.
Jang Pil Sung ran away before I sent it to prosecution.
It'll work out, right?
It must.
If you don't want to, we don't have to do it.
Hold on.
- Let them go. - What?
The chief declined.
Really?
Why are you asking him? It's just as we expected.
Undo me.
I'm going to make an official complaint.
Go ahead. We don't care.
Get out of here.
We're really tired and busy today.
What?
Bye.
Did something happen?
Oh Il Seung is going to make a deal with Jang Pil Sung.
He'll give Pil Sung Chairman Jin's MP3 player...
in exchange for Mr. Cha's notes.
No way.
They're meeting in two hours at Manjong Parking Lot.
We'll go with Officer Oh to meet Jang Pil Sung, so get ready.
Hey.
Wouldn't it be a disadvantage to the chairwoman if he gets caught?
Yes. Should we get him out?
Yes.
Let's go.
(Interrogation Room)
Exchange what?
What is in Mr. Cha's notebook?
Well, I'm not exactly sure.
but it's probably a record of things.
Mr. Cha, that jerk.
If you would allow me, I will take care of it.
- Get Jang Pil Sung too. - Yes, sir.
You must be desperate to arrest Lee Kwang Ho.
You know I can tell the difference between a real and a fake, right?
It's the right one.
What is this? Hey.
You have the wrong person.
Hey.
It's a misunderstanding.
- I... - Shut your mouth.
Let me ask you again.
Is this all?
Of course.
I can promise you.
Manager Lee, it's not what you think.
Don't you dare joke with me.
(November 29, 2007, Gahoe-dong 904-2)
You're saying, Mr. Cha's notebook...
has things like this in it?
Yes. Like I told you, that notebook...
is currently with Jang Pil Sung.
How can we get it back? It's Jang Pil Sung we're up against.
We can get Jang Pil Sung along with Lee Kwang Ho.
Both of them?
How?
We'll let Lee Kwang Ho's side find out...
that Jang Pil Sung wants to make a deal with us.
We'll leak the exact time and place too.
They're meeting in two hours at Manjong Parking Lot.
We'll go with Officer Oh to meet Jang Pil Sung,
so get ready.
Okay.
Then, they'll send men.
Because they need to intercept the notebook...
and get Jang Pil Sung.
Once Lee Kwang Ho abducts Jang Pil Sung,
he'll try to get rid of the notebook and kill Jang Pil Sung.
We'll break in as soon as we record it.
We'll catch both Jang Pil Sung and Lee Kwang Ho.
How will we record them?
Jang Pil Sung wouldn't volunteer to take a recorder.
Chairman Jin's MP3 player.
We'll wiretap it.
Yes. Once we give it to Jang Pil Sung,
he would never throw it out even if he gets caught.
Then, the bug will get really close to Lee Kwang Ho.
The MP3 player too.
If you don't feel right, we don't have to do it.
Hold on.
Are you sure this is everything?
Yes.
Search him.
This won't work.
Let's at least get Jang Pil Sung. Let's go.
- Okay. - Okay.
What is this?
That?
That's...
- Hey! - Let go!
Move back.
Wait outside, and leave the gates open.
- Yes, sir. - Yes, sir.
We would appreciate your cooperation.
We have an arrest warrant for Jang Pil Sung.
Take him away.
Who are you?
Get out!
Congressman, I'm here!
Don't worry.
I will protect you!
Get him.
Hey!
Jang Pil Sung!
No.
(He ordered me to murder.)
What's wrong?
The person Mr. Cha killed...
is my mother.
Congressman Lee Kwang Ho ordered me to murder...
a mother and a son who doesn't have a place to live.
The woman's name is...
"The woman's name is..."
- Choi... - "Choi..."
- Yeon... - "Yeon..."
- Mi. - "Mi".
Mom.
Mom!
Mom! Mom!
Mom, wake up.
Mom!
Mom. Wake up, Mom.
Mom.